update document to use tiflash in tispark (#4382)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

## Use TiSpark to read TiFlash replicas

> Currently, you can use TiSpark to read TiFlash replicas in a method similar to the engine isolation in TiDB. This method is to configure the `spark.tispark.isolation_read_engines` parameter. The parameter value defaults to `tikv,tiflash`, which means automatically reading data from TiFlash or TiKV according to CBO. If you set the parameter value to `tiflash`, it means that data is forcibly read from TiFlash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you can use TiSpark to read TiFlash replicas in a method similar to the engine isolation in TiDB. This method is to configure the `spark.tispark.isolation_read_engines` parameter. The parameter value defaults to `tikv,tiflash`, which means that TiDB reads data from TiFlash or from TiKV according to CBO's selection. If you set the parameter value to `tiflash`, it means that TiDB forcibly reads data from TiFlash.
```
